# Prediction-of-Online-Video-Advertising-Inventory-Based-on-TV-Programs

ABSTRACT With the recent spread of digital content, patterns of media viewing have changed. This is especially true of programs formerly watched on TV but now increasingly viewed through online videos. As more and more people watch online videos, the market for online video advertising is increasing. In digital advertising that includes online video advertising, it is important for advertisers and online video service providers to attract as many viewers as possible. In particular, the service providers try to maximize their profits by efficiently selling advertising inventory that indicates the volume of space available for advertisements. However, most of today’s service providers use simple — and typically unreliable — statistical applications to predict advertising inventory which lead to a relatively lower accuracy of the prediction. Therefore, this study aims to develop a model capable of accurately predicting advertising inventory and then validate the model. This study in predicting online video advertising inventory is based on using deep learning to analyze the raw data of the online video channels and then comparing the results of these predictions with actual inventory, other results of machine learning techniques, and work-site method results. Using these techniques and approaches, future advertising inventory could be predicted. In addition, detailed strategies for the practice of online video advertising are suggested.
